yes hello people and welcome
to the first windows 8 tips for you
I'll show you today how to play that
feature uses and music on his home
network devices can play
or from an xbox 360 yes
For that, you have to be your first
network settings and that's what you do
best with the right-click goes on
the network and release center if
you go on the desktop since then
preferably
is best for a homegroup
and then stop for the
homegroup released elements
you can change there then
released what you want to give as free
But then you can synonymous for all devices in
to let this network there he goes
then on it or you will your devices
displayed with me it is now to
example media program on this pc
and remotely connect the xbox 360 and
my service would be there then each
to let go so that you get a device
can let the appliance must be at
otherwise it will be you
not displayed and then you can
music or videos or pictures as I said
Show on your console so it will
currently what is released bla bla bla and
and so on
and then you can do it all
to your network devices stream we go
now on my new album best of
the champions
just a little bit of advertising for that
it will come out in july and we will
take one of the new hits
just look like dragon and
there you will be shown here first
Play or play to you can
Of course, you do that too
about the playback makes stop then goes
her on the media library and then it
so on your Xbox 360 pass
then the whole thing on your xbox
I can start my now
do not see xbox
which I do not know what it looks like as
Moment must always be short group exactly
now it can be given and again
it is now given again
and then you have the whole thing for example
on your xbox 360 is synonymous only to xbox
You can do 360 of this play to feature
but not only from the media
You can also turn player off
I can do that out of the music app
show you too if you have a windows 8
tablet or have a windows servers rt
1 microsoft service rt update
is executed so that just shows me
that i have never started this app
since then I have my computer new
made'm free streaming radio
just choose an artist
marty creates the perfect mix so nice
By the way , this could also be great
pin both apps here
give equal to any artist
again what do we have yet beautiful
my music and that
you can agree with the music
the music on this pc to others
Listen to 8 tablets search for them
just according to your music
with the music of xbox music oh so aha
cool that's nice too the music of
this pc was added I am yes
strained playlists exactly
let's just go to dlp list and
I suppose I just go to new
new again
not everyone just let's play
For example , my ringing rings
telephone with close-up
should I not now first
interest
so add 2 if all of you too
in big ads and then you can
But you also go to equipment and that
play all on your console
then the playback is started and
that could be on your console
keep pausing and continue
skip
ok, yes, thank you first for
see my phone even if now
Unfortunately, I can not ring it
more and it rings
switch silently and now there to
sprint and extra the batteries
No, I wanted that now
neither
yes okay I thank you first for
to see and I'm looking forward to
next time tchoyi